https://codepen.io/EthanRoman00/pen/NWNaWaW

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives more information to text reader
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To Build an outline for a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a characteristic given to a line of code
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is a heading and should only be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> <div>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The title 
    7. What is an id?
        it is a attribute that allows us to call onto it to change something about what it is selecting. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        any selector 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class?
         like an id but can be used multiple times to select multiple things 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
         any selector
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         <a href="link" target="_blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
         it is a description for people who use a screen reader
    15. How do I reference an id?
         #.....<===id goes where dots are
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
         a section devides up sections of a document where a div is a division of sections
    17. What is CSS used for?
         styling a web page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
         for CSS h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
         class i would use if i wanted to style two differnt types of text like an h2 and a p
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
         .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
         .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
         its when a div is inside a div and it is helpful when you want to call on one but not the other
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
         .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         it is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
         line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
         letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
         text-transform:lowercase or uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
         border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        using the body selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        whereami 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
         ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
         idk
    34. Why should I use version control? 
         idk
    35. How often should I commit to github?
         whener a change is made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
         git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    https://www.notion.so/GitFlow-step-by-step-a764163309754e23b1b9c4077b1653cc

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
     inline everything is on the same line block everything takes up differnt lines
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it cant be changed
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        use a width % instead of a fixed size 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 